Xonotic Example on Agones Site (#3742)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Examples/xonotic.md

```
NAME                       STATE   ADDRESS          PORT   NODE                                        AGE
xonotic-7lk8x-hgfrg        Ready   34.71.168.92     7206   gk3-genai-quickstart-pool-3-ba2a705f-wpmc   103s
xonotic-7lk8x-rwhst        Ready   34.71.168.92     7330   gk3-genai-quickstart-pool-3-ba2a705f-wpmc   103s
```

For the full details of the YAML file head to the [Fleet Specification Guide]({{< ref "/docs/Reference/fleet.md" >}})

{{< alert title="Note" color="info">}} The game servers deployed from a `Fleet` resource will be deployed in the same namespace. The above example omits specifying a namespace, which implies both the `Fleet` and the associated `GameServer` resources will be deployed to the `default` namespace. {{< /alert >}}

## Viewing GameServer Logs

For troubleshooting or to check how your game servers are running, you can look at the logs of a specific pod using:

```bash
kubectl logs -f <xonotic-game-server-pod-name>
```

## Connect to the Game Server

After allocating a GameServer from the fleet and obtaining its status and IP, you're ready to connect and play. Here’s how to use the server IP and port to join the game with the Xonotic server:

> **Launch Xonotic**: Start the Xonotic client you previously downloaded by executing the `xonotic-linux64-sdl` or `xonotic-linux64-glx` script to launch and play the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Launch Xonotic**: Start the Xonotic client you previously downloaded by running the executable for your operating system ([documentation](https://xonotic.org/faq/#install)).
```

Since not everyone runs Linux 😄

**Multiplayer Mode**: From the main menu, select "Multiplayer".

![Select Multiplayer](../../../images/xonotic-front-page.png)

**Server Connection**: Choose to join a server manually and input the IP and port number you obtained from the `kubectl get gameservers` command.

> ![Enter IP and Port](../../../images/xonotic-enter-ip-port.png)

Reviewer: On this image, can we please blur the public server list? I don't want to be showing any info we don't have to just in case.

Something like this: 
![image](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/assets/298370/20f9df57-2cd6-44a1-8419-8ec5ac36be08)

Author: I've included this image and removed the main menu image since it contains the public info.

**Join the Game**: After entering the server details, proceed to join the server. You should now be connected to your Agones-managed Xonotic game server and ready to play.

![Join the Game](../../../images/xonotic-join-game.png)

## Cleaning Up

Post-gameplay, consider cleaning up resources:

> ### Remove the Fleet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Delete this header, since we've only got the one step?

xonotic        Packed       2         2         0           2       55s
```

You can also see the GameServers that have been created by the Fleet by running `kubectl get gameservers`,
the GameServer will be prefixed by `xonotic`.

```
NAME                       STATE   ADDRESS          PORT   NODE                                        AGE
xonotic-7lk8x-hgfrg        Ready   34.71.168.92     7206   gk3-genai-quickstart-pool-3-ba2a705f-wpmc   103s
xonotic-7lk8x-rwhst        Ready   34.71.168.92     7330   gk3-genai-quickstart-pool-3-ba2a705f-wpmc   103s
```

For the full details of the YAML file head to the [Fleet Specification Guide]({{< ref "/docs/Reference/fleet.md" >}})

{{< alert title="Note" color="info">}} The game servers deployed from a `Fleet` resource will be deployed in the same namespace. The above example omits specifying a namespace, which implies both the `Fleet` and the associated `GameServer` resources will be deployed to the `default` namespace. {{< /alert >}}

## Viewing GameServer Logs

For troubleshooting or to check how your game servers are running, you can look at the logs of a specific pod using:

```bash
kubectl logs -f <xonotic-game-server-pod-name>

> ```

Author: I've excluded this section

---
title: "Deploying and Running Xonotic Server Using Agones"
linkTitle: "Xonotic"
date:
publishDate:
description: >
  This Xonotic example shows setting up, deploying, and managing a Xonotic game server on a Kubernetes cluster with Agones. It uses a simple Go wrapper to connect existing game servers with Agones, making it straightforward to run games in the cloud.
---

## Prerequisite

 To get started, ensure the following prerequisites are met:

  - You have a running Kubernetes cluster.

  - Agones is installed on your cluster. Refer to the [Agones guide](https://agones.dev/site/docs/installation/install-agones/).

>   - The Xonotic client downloaded for gameplay. Download it from [Xonotic](http://www.xonotic.org)

Reviewer: Don't we also need the code for the example? 😃

Should use the `ghlink` shortcode to do this, since it will link to the appropriate release branch.

(Wondering if this is a missing prerequisite from the other example pages? 🤔 )

Author: I have added the Xonotic code link to the prerequisite.
Will include the code link in the other two submitted PRs.

```bash
kubectl get pods
```

The Xonotic server pods should be `Running`, indicating they're active and ready for connections.

## Allocate a GameServer

Allocate a GameServer from the fleet using:

```bash
kubectl apply -f <your-gameserver.yaml>
```

After applying, you can monitor the newly created GameServer resource, its status, and IP:

```bash
kubectl get gameservers
```

## Viewing GameServer Logs

For troubleshooting or to check how your game servers are running, you can look at the logs of a specific pod using:

```bash
kubectl logs -f <xonotic-game-server-pod-name>
```

## Connect to the Game Server

After allocating a GameServer from the fleet and obtaining its status and IP, you're ready to connect and play. Here’s how to use the server IP and port to join the game with the Xonotic server:

**Launch Xonotic**: Start the Xonotic client you previously downloaded.

**Multiplayer Mode**: From the main menu, select "Multiplayer".

**Server Connection**: Choose to join a server manually and input the IP and port number you obtained from the `kubectl get gameservers` command.

> **Join the Game**: After entering the server details, proceed to join the server. You should now be connected to your Agones-managed Xonotic game server and ready to play.

Reviewer: A screenshot might be nice?

## Cleaning Up

Post-gameplay, consider cleaning up resources:

### Remove the Fleet

To delete the Agones fleet you deployed, execute the following command. This will remove the fleet along with all the game server instances it manages:

```bash
kubectl delete -f fleet.yaml
```

> ### Remove Allocated GameServers

Reviewer: If you delete the Fleet, the allocated `GameServer` goes away, so no need for the extra step.

Author: Removed this extra step from the cleanup section
